PEP 696: Replace usages of TypeVarLike with type parameter (#3619)
python/peps: peps/pep-0696.rst

Abstract
--------

> This PEP introduces the concept of type defaults for type parameters
> (and TypeVar, ParamSpec and TypeVarTuple for backwards compatibilty),

Reviewer: This wording is a bit confusing because PEP 695 still creates TypeVar objects. I would use this:
```suggestion
This PEP introduces the concept of type defaults for type parameters,
including ``TypeVar``, ``ParamSpec``, and ``TypeVarTuple``,
```
